today hey mommy can I get a large
cheeseburger meal with the present from
another cheeseburger yep okay
I'm a thank you hi mommy hi mommy
hey mommy hey in the morning mommy yeah
hi mommy
hey hit uh hey mom hey what's your
printer yeah looks like I'm just glass
and look for a second I'm Emma can I get
a double cheeseburger completely hi
mommy can I get a thank second cheese on
a sub ham bagel
you wanted me get enough um no thanks I
don't want to sound like Bert
excuse me one second let that sit down
sorry about that but can you do just a
little bit ice not only my tummy I mean
it's a little bit I real though can I
get a panda Bowl with chow mein and they
kick my chicken camp you
know what let's just make a meal I'm
sorry can we make it a combo that this
left
thanks to touching great thank you all
right thank you Hitler all right thanks
gene
[Music]